hell yeah bitches everyone
it's nibbles and I have a really swollen
eye at the moment so just please ignore
it but at the same time don't because it
kind of somehow relates back into what
I'm actually talking about guilty is the
wrong word but I do feel bad I get a lot
of comments from all sorts of people
saying that they wish they looked like
me in either videos or photos
I am slathered in makeup and I am pretty
much always photoshopped to some degree
to look different to what I actually
look like in real life this has no no
makeup on it whatsoever
as you can see I have pretty much no
eyebrows I have like the darkest help
its thighs I have like yellowness and
redness and all sorts of nough so I have
acne scarring
I have pimples I have blackheads I have
random other stuff going on that's not
pleasant but I'm just a regular person I
look like a regular dude without makeup
on I don't want the point of this video
to be to get sympathy from people or to
get compliments from people or for you
to say oh I prefer you with it or
without it that's another point the
point is that I wear it and I don't want
you to feel about yourself because
you don't look the way that I look with
you know ten thousand gallons of makeup
on my face I look way more like you than
what youth what you realize I just I
feel kind of bad for people and I feel
kind of sad that yeah everyone comments
or messages saying I wish I look like
you so pre I wish I had those speeches
and all that sort of stuff
thing is that you can't have it you just
need to wear as much makeup as I do
recently I uploaded a video um what was
it the February Q&A video I think it was
and I got so many comments on that
saying oh you look so much better
without that much makeup on you look so
natural and you look vulnerable and all
this sort of stuff
which was really sweet of people to say
but I still had a fuckload of makeup on
I had pretty I had like a full face on I
just didn't have any um I shadow on and
I didn't have any lipstick on but I
still added everything else on so I just
don't want people to have these owner
listing expectations of what people
actually look like and I want to make
this video so you could see what I
actually look like so you can start
feeling bad for not looking like what I
look like with a full face of makeup on
I know this sounds really conceited and
really up my own asshole pretty much
everything that I'm saying but I just it
just makes me really upset seeing people
get upset about themselves because I
don't look the way that people with
makeup look I don't wear makeup to try
and trick people or for people lie to
people or anything like that I wear it
because it's fun not so much that it
makes me feel good I just like it
because it's fun
I call it my wall paint every morning I
wake up and I put my war paint on
absolutely every single person is way
more imperfect than what it seems I've
never met someone who looks plastic
without any makeup on at least to some
degree I'm not saying that I don't like
the way that I look without makeup on
that's not what I'm saying either I mean
I obviously look different and I
obviously you know wear it all the time
so you'd assume that I like the way I
look with it but I'm not saying that I
don't like the way that I look without
it I just looked different without it
here I go up my own asshole again I'm
not a bad-looking person like and
everyone who comments saying I wish I
looked as good as you do you do like you
you look the same as I do you just do no
different facial features or whatever
but we'll look pretty much alike to be
honest I didn't really know what I was
going to say in this video I just wanted
to try and get that message across so I
hope that I have basically be kinder to
yourselves and stop beating yourselves
up because you don't look like someone
who has a full face and makeup on and
stop wishing that you look like someone
else
the fact is that you look like yourself
and you can do whatever you want to
change the way that you look but you're
always going to be you so just embrace
it
and stop feeling bad that you don't look
like other people I used to hate the way
that I looked I thought it looks stupid
weird and gross to live but whatever I
grew up I learnt that it's just a fact
of life that everyone looks like their
own person and you have to figure out
what you good sides are you bad sides
are and figure out if you want to do
anything to cover it up or change it or
color it or cut it off or whatever stop
feeling bad that you don't look like
smoke and mirrors as always there's
links down below to where you can find
me as well as a list of all the makeup
that I used in this video and until next
time I'll see you later bye